Add PageHeader documentation (#2611)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/pageheader.mdx

import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  ChildPageHeaderExample,
  PageHeaderActions,
  PageHeaderAnatomy,
  PageHeaderContentRegions,
  PageHeaderIntroExample,
  PageHeaderResponsiveActions,
  PageHeaderSubtitle,
  TopLevelPageHeaderExample,
} from '../../examples';
import { Box, Grid } from 'grommet';

The PageHeader's title communicates the context of the page. The subtitle elaborates secondary information about the page. The user is also able to access navigation to the parent page and any relevant page-level actions.

<Example

>   docs="https://v2.grommet.io/pageheader?theme=hpe"

Reviewer: any reason were not showing code on these examples ?

>   height={{ min: 'small' }}

Reviewer: link to figma?

  showResponsiveControls={[]}
  template
>
  <PageHeaderIntroExample />
</Example>

## Anatomy

> <Example

Author: Will have to play around more with the diagram lines, but updated the caption.

> <Example

Author: Done.

> <Example

Reviewer: diagram looks great @taysea

  caption="Diagram illustrating the four main content regions of a PageHeader."
  plain
>
  <PageHeaderAnatomy />
</Example>

1. **Page Identifier:** This region is intended to provide the user with context on what the page is about.

>    - **a.** [Title](#title) (required): A short and descriptive title that uniquely identifies the page.

Reviewer 2: Title and Subtitle anchor links not taking me to the appropriate sections. It almost looked like the page jumped to a section but took me back to this same exact spot.

Author: Good call, strange i'll have to look into that further.

Author: Fixed.

## Responsive Behavior and Content Prioritization

The main purpose of a page header is to identify a page and its context within an application. Therefore, the title and subtitle regions should receive screen priority when they come into contact with page-level actions.

The region containing the title and subtitle should:

- Flex to fill the available horizontal space on the page.
- Have a minimum width of "medium" on `medium-xlarge` breakpoints and "small" on `xsmall-small` breakpoints to avoid excessive wrapping.

Page-level actions should:

- Have a width of "auto" by default.
- Progressively collapse into an overflow menu as screen width becomes limited. This should follow guidance on [responsive behavior of actions](#responsive-behavior-of-actions).

Resize your screen to see how the content regions adapt at various screen widths.

<Example showResponsiveControls={[]} screenContainer plain width="100%">
  <PageHeaderContentRegions background="background-front" />
</Example>

## Title

A title is a required element of the page and should:

> - Always be an h1 with size="small".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always be an h1 with `size="small"`.
```

- Uniquely and concisely identify the page. No two pages under the same parent should have the same name.
- Follow title case capitalization (i.e., List of Clusters, My Account).
- Wrap if too long for the available space. See [Responsive Behavior and Content Prioritization](#responsive-behavior-and-content-prioritization) for more guidance.

> - Be left-aligned with page content.

Reviewer: since the grommet component takes care of the left-aligned do we need to add this ?

Author: I think we have it here for added clarity/criteria in case teams are designing things that don't follow our pattern, we can point to this as a "here is what the styling should be"

Reviewer: okay thats fair

## Subtitle

A subtitle is an optional element that can provide additional contextual information about the contents of the page.

A subtitle should:

- Concisely elaborate what the page is on. This could be additional information such as ownership of an application, timestamps, or a name to represent by whom a piece of information was created.
- Be located below the title and left-aligned with page content.
- Wrap at the max-width for the paragraph's font-size in order to optimize the readability.

> <BestPracticeGroup>

Reviewer 2: Some of the examples are showing the Subtitle with 18px, `medium` `font-size`. Can we update those to `large` please :)

Author: Can you point me to which ones? I'm not seeing that.

If you're referencing the ones with NameValueList, that is because we are using the default NameValueList styling. I would expect "large" paragraph size only for the standard string subtitle.

Reviewer 2: The Do's and Don'ts under "Subtitle" and the examples where we show the Child Page, Top-Level Page, Page-Level Actions but that's probably due to what you mentioned earlier on adjusting the sizes inside of the interactive examples container.

Author: Yes when you're viewing it inline in the page, it's a scaled down version just for that view. If you expand the example to "fullscreen" you'll see it in its normal scaling.

Reviewer 2: I noticed that, just wasn't sure if it didn't scale correctly somehow. Thanks! :)

  <Example
    bestPractice={{
      type: 'do',
      message:
        'Include concise, high-priority metadata in the subtitle that aids page identification.',
    }}
    width="100%"
    height={{ min: 'small' }}
  >
    <PageHeaderSubtitle />
  </Example>
  <Example
    bestPractice={{
      type: 'dont',
      message: `Don't clutter the Page Header with all of the page metadata. Instead, include this in the page content.`,
    }}
    width="100%"
    height={{ min: 'small' }}
  >
    <PageHeaderSubtitle bestPractice={false} />
  </Example>
</BestPracticeGroup>

## Reverse Anchor

A reverse Anchor is required on all child pages and should:

- Be located above the title and left-aligned with page content.
- Be labelled with the name of the parent page and accompanied by the "FormPrevious" icon.
- Not be used on [top-level pages](#example-of-top-level-page) because they do not have a parent.

### Example of Child Page

> <Example

Reviewer 2: I know this is a preview in the preview container, but is there any way we can get the font-size proportions to show correctly on this preview? For instance, the reverse anchor looks way larger than the subtitle text
<img width="1493" alt="Screen Shot 2022-05-24 at 11 10 59 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62117454/170103846-23267799-38e2-4d02-8c5c-5ff44744aff2.png">
.

Author: Yes, @halocline is going to help me with the anchor scaling.

Good callout about empty value. Fixed.

Author: Fixed anchor scaling thanks to Matt.

  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/pageheader?theme=hpe"
  // height, width, and screenContainer.scale value chosen to best visually
  // represent the example

>   showResponsiveControls={['fullScreen']}

Reviewer: code?

Author: Done.

    }}
    width="100%"
    showResponsiveControls={[]}
    screenContainer={{ scale: 0.6 }}
  >
    <PageHeaderActions />
  </Example>
  <Example
    bestPractice={{
      type: 'dont',
      message: `Don't include actions related to table or list data (such as create, update, and delete) in the page-level actions.`,
    }}
    width="100%"
    showResponsiveControls={[]}
    screenContainer={{ scale: 0.6 }}
  >
    <PageHeaderActions bestPractice={false} />
  </Example>
</BestPracticeGroup>

### Responsive Behavior of Actions

Follow this guidance on how actions should progressively collapse based on their priority.

**A primary action should:**

- Only be used if the primary purpose of the page is the perform that action. Most pages won't have a primary button.
- Always remain visible, if present. At `xsmall` and `small` breakpoints, the primary button should appear beneath the subtitle and be left-aligned with page content.

**Secondary and default actions:**

- Should remain visible if there is space but collapse into an action menu if there is not enough space.
- Default buttons should collapse first because they are lower priority than secondary buttons.

> Resize your window to see the responsive behavior of the actions.

Reviewer: I see this now but at first glance I missed this indication that you need to resize the window

<BestPracticeGroup columns="100%">

>   <Example

Reviewer 2: 👏🏼

- Concisely elaborate what the page is on. This could be additional information such as ownership of an application, timestamps, or a name to represent by whom a piece of information was created.
- Be located below the title and left-aligned with page content.
- Wrap at the max-width for the paragraph's font-size in order to optimize the readability.

<BestPracticeGroup columns="100%">
  <Example
    bestPractice={{
      type: 'do',
      message:
        'Include concise, high-priority metadata in the subtitle that aids page identification.',
    }}
    width="100%"
    height={{ min: 'small' }}
  >
    <PageHeaderSubtitle />
  </Example>
  <Example
    bestPractice={{
      type: 'dont',
      message: `Don't clutter the Page Header with all of the page metadata. Instead, include this in the page content.`,
    }}
    width="100%"
    height={{ min: 'small' }}
  >
    <PageHeaderSubtitle bestPractice={false} />
  </Example>
</BestPracticeGroup>

## Reverse Anchor

A reverse Anchor is required on all child pages and should:

- Be located above the title and left-aligned with page content.
- Be labelled with the name of the parent page and accompanied by the "FormPrevious" icon.

> - Not be used on [top-level pages](#example-of-top-level-page) because they do not have a parent.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Navigate the user from the child page to its parent.
- Not be used on [top-level pages](#example-of-top-level-page) because they do not have a parent.
```

### Example of Child Page

<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/pageheader/ChildPageHeaderExample.js"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/pageheader?theme=hpe"
  showResponsiveControls={['fullScreen']}
  screenContainer={{ scale: 0.6 }}
>
  <ChildPageHeaderExample />
</Example>

### Example of Top-Level Page

> Top-level pages will not display a reverse anchor because they do not have a parent.

Reviewer 3: present tense

```suggestion
Top-level pages do not display a reverse anchor because they do not have a parent.
```

<Example
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/pageheader/TopLevelPageHeaderExample.js"
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/pageheader?theme=hpe"
  showResponsiveControls={['fullScreen']}
  screenContainer={{ scale: 0.6 }}
>
  <TopLevelPageHeaderExample />
</Example>

## Page-Level Actions

> Page-level actions are actions that affect the entire page or kick-off another task flow.

Reviewer 3: active voice

```suggestion
Page-level actions are actions affecting the entire page or launching a task flow.
```

OR

```suggestion
Page-level actions affect the entire page or launch a task flow.
```

**All actions should:**

- Have clear and concise button labels.
- Use verb+noun format to provide sufficient context on action expectations (i.e., Edit Profile). See [button labeling]() for more guidance.
- Be right-aligned with the page content.
- Follow [button ordering guidance](/components/button#button-ordering) for right-aligned buttons.

**Additional Notes:**

- A primary action should only be used if the primary purpose of the page is to faciliate performing that action. Most pages will not have a primary action.

> - Do not include actions related to table or list data (such as create, update, and delete) in the page-level actions. These should be placed in the toolbar above the data.

Author: Done.

        'Include concise, high-priority metadata in the subtitle that aids page identification.',
    }}
    width="100%"
    height={{ min: 'small' }}
  >
    <PageHeaderSubtitle />
  </Example>
  <Example
    bestPractice={{
      type: 'dont',
      message: `Don't clutter the Page Header with all of the page metadata. Instead, include this in the page content.`,
    }}
    width="100%"
    height={{ min: 'small' }}
  >
    <PageHeaderSubtitle bestPractice={false} />
  </Example>
</BestPracticeGroup>

## Reverse Anchor

A reverse anchor is required on all child pages and should:

- Be located above the title and left-aligned with page content.
- Be labelled with the name of the parent page and accompanied by the "FormPrevious" icon.
- Navigate the user from the child page to its parent.
- Not be used on [top-level pages](#example-of-top-level-page) because they do not have a parent.

### Example of Child Page

Child pages include a reverse anchor which allows the user to navigate from the child page to its parent.

<Example
  code={[
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/pageheader/ChildPageHeaderExample.js',

>     'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/ReverseAnchor/ReverseAnchor.js',

Reviewer 3: Add link to /FilterServers.js too?

Author: Done.

  ]}
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/pageheader?theme=hpe"
  github="https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/tree/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/pageheader/ChildPageHeaderExample.js"
  showResponsiveControls={['fullScreen']}
  screenContainer={{ scale: 0.6 }}
>
  <ChildPageHeaderExample />
</Example>

### Example of Top-Level Page

Top-level pages do not display a reverse anchor because they do not have a parent.

<Example

>   code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/pageheader/TopLevelPageHeaderExample.js"

Reviewer 3: add github link

Author: Done.
